Review the Group assigned to you via their presentation and blog and give your view on the following:

 

 
How well has the group you were assigned addressed the entire business model canvas?
The BMC canvas (https://bmfiddle.com/f/#/vz2k3)  was well addressed by the team. Almost all aspects of the BMC were covered including Key resources were well identified.
I think the team should have identified more in customer segement, like the customer segment could have included not only TY students but all year students looking for assistance with internships, tutores, jobs etc.

One majour missing in Channels I felt was tiing up with universities departments of placemeent assistance for providing support to students.
 
What constructive criticism or advice would you give that group to improve their business model and test their assumptions in particular in relation to revenue stream and cost structure (feel free to post this advice to the group’s blog also)?

Since from the hypothsis testing it is clear that very few percentage of students are willing to pay the subscription fees , a good revenue stream would be tieingup with educational organisations for the service.
Also a Freemium Model could be given a shot, to see if its feesible OR a " Product is Free, But Services Aren’t" modle in which the core product is free but for additional service and support is to be paid for.

Also the cost structure is well thought of , just check if administrative and office rentals can be cut off or limited in the initial phase of the launch.
 
 
What did you learn from this group in this phase about what you might do, do better or avoid doing, in your own group’s business modelling and customer discovery journey?

The group pivoted a little from the initial seed idea, I would say that they could have pivoted more and totaly rebuild the idea of an student assistance platform not only focusing on TY students.

They have done a good amount of hypothis testing with which gives a better understanding of the market. We in our own group assignemnt feel that there could have been a deeper market research / huypothis testing for the product.

Also the ethics canvas was very well organised

